c:\Users\ollyl\Documents\Important\Uni\Year 3\HLP\fsharp-project\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WS1.exe
c:\Users\ollyl\Documents\Important\Uni\Year 3\HLP\fsharp-project\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WS1.deps.json
c:\Users\ollyl\Documents\Important\Uni\Year 3\HLP\fsharp-project\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WS1.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\ollyl\Documents\Important\Uni\Year 3\HLP\fsharp-project\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WS1.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\ollyl\Documents\Important\Uni\Year 3\HLP\fsharp-project\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WS1.dll
c:\Users\ollyl\Documents\Important\Uni\Year 3\HLP\fsharp-project\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WS1.pdb
c:\Users\ollyl\Documents\Important\Uni\Year 3\HLP\fsharp-project\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\FSharp.Core.dll
c:\Users\ollyl\Documents\Important\Uni\Year 3\HLP\fsharp-project\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\cs\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\ollyl\Documents\Important\Uni\Year 3\HLP\fsharp-project\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\de\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\ollyl\Documents\Important\Uni\Year 3\HLP\fsharp-project\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\es\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\ollyl\Documents\Important\Uni\Year 3\HLP\fsharp-project\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\fr\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\ollyl\Documents\Important\Uni\Year 3\HLP\fsharp-project\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\it\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\ollyl\Documents\Important\Uni\Year 3\HLP\fsharp-project\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ja\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\ollyl\Documents\Important\Uni\Year 3\HLP\fsharp-project\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ko\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\ollyl\Documents\Important\Uni\Year 3\HLP\fsharp-project\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pl\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\ollyl\Documents\Important\Uni\Year 3\HLP\fsharp-project\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pt-BR\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\ollyl\Documents\Important\Uni\Year 3\HLP\fsharp-project\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ru\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\ollyl\Documents\Important\Uni\Year 3\HLP\fsharp-project\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\tr\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\ollyl\Documents\Important\Uni\Year 3\HLP\fsharp-project\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hans\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\ollyl\Documents\Important\Uni\Year 3\HLP\fsharp-project\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hant\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\ollyl\Documents\Important\Uni\Year 3\HLP\fsharp-project\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WS1.fsprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\ollyl\Documents\Important\Uni\Year 3\HLP\fsharp-project\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WS1.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\ollyl\Documents\Important\Uni\Year 3\HLP\fsharp-project\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WS1.AssemblyInfo.fs
c:\Users\ollyl\Documents\Important\Uni\Year 3\HLP\fsharp-project\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WS1.fsproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\ollyl\Documents\Important\Uni\Year 3\HLP\fsharp-project\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WS1.dll
c:\Users\ollyl\Documents\Important\Uni\Year 3\HLP\fsharp-project\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WS1.pdb
